* **Device**: Any electronic device, such as a sensor, video camera, desktop computer, or smartphone that collects data which can be incorporated into the platform after it has been processed by a master device (potentially itself). Optionally, a device can present output and receive user input.
* **Master device**: A device which aggregates, synchronizes, and uploads incoming data received from one or more connected devices (potentially just itself). Typically, a desktop computer, smartphone, or web server.
* **Device data stream**: A stream of data coming from a device, unchanged by the platform, encompassing data points of one specific data type which can be identified in time according to an internal clock of the device. For example, an accelerometry data stream describes acceleration along an X, Y, and Z axis at certain points in time. 
* **Data type**: A description of how to interpret a data point: e.g., acceleration along three axes, heart rate, but also survey responses.
* **Data point**: Data of a particular data type pertaining to a particular point in time. For example, one measurement at a specific point in time of accelerometry data.
* **Master data stream**: A data stream which arises from processing one or more other device or master data streams on a master device (thus processing is performed by the platform). For example, a moving average or data quality assessment.
* **Study protocol**: A description of how a study is to be executed, defining the master device(s) responsible for aggregating data, and the trigger(s) which lead to data collection on said devices. For example, a protocol which defines a questionnaire to be sent out to a smartphone every morning, and over the course of the entire experiment expects a continuous heart rate measure.
* **Trigger**: Any condition which triggers tasks to be sent to task schedulers on a master device (one task per scheduler). The condition can either be time-bound, based on data streams, initiated by a user of the platform, or a combination of these. For example, a trigger which initiates a questionnaire every morning at 9 AM.
* **Task**: A collection of requested measures and/or output to be presented on a device over the course of one or more specified time intervals (e.g., only collect data during daytime). Some examples of concrete implementations of tasks: cognitive tests such as response time measurements, IQ tests, measuring arousal while watching a video, but also requesting sensor data collection (without user input) over a specified time interval.
* **Measure**: Time intervals during which data streams of a particular data type are sampled and stored.
* **Output**: A visual, tactile, auditory, or olifactory output which is presented on a device during specified time intervals. For example, an image or video.

